hey guys aka Hollywood here today and
today basically what I want to talk to
you guys about is whether or not you
should buy a Mac now particularly this
video whether or not you should buy a
mac mini let's first start by saying
that this is not my first mac i actually
bought a macbook pro about a year ago ah
so this is my first mac my pc crack or
my laptop crash was a dell laptop
crashed and i figured i was tired of
that you know crashing computers and i
read partitioning the hard drive so i
figured let's go with Matt um and so far
i love that computer I love that
computer 100 sent have not had any
problems with it um I use it for school
and you know multimedia like YouTube and
stuff like that and editing and I was
getting a lot of a lot of large size
files on there and i kind of wanted
something else you know strictly to
either you know just do school work or
just do my multimedia stuff and um
that's why i wanted another yes i know i
see you John that's why I wanted another
mac so i could do all that stuff on and
i didn't really want to pay you know the
thousand dollars for so hey Mac Mini 599
baseline model I thought that was
awesome so uh you can either a buy it on
Amazon um its 579 on amazon which is the
same price if you purchase it through
apple i fear like a college student or
what else you get that educational
discount the only good thing about
amazon is that it is if you're a prime
customer free two-day shipping so you'll
get it in two days um it's Apple is
pretty I got
a mac mini in two days so I'll just pay
$36 on shipping ah but yes the only
reason I actually ordered it from apple
is I thought I was going to get a
hundred dollar gift card for purchasing
this match I did not so and what are you
going to do a little miscommunication
between me and Apple didn't get a gift
card that's all right yeah baseline
model for this Mac Mini is a 2.5 dual
core i5 processor 500 gig disk drive as
well as a intel HD 4000 graphics card
and it comes stock with four gigs of ram
now let me tell you guys the RAM is
super simple to upgrade I have never
really messed with laptops in the past
about upgrading RAM it's never really
been a big problem but I you know had
heard some people talking that they you
know it was really easy to upgrade and I
figured why not so I actually I was
thinking about upgrading to 16 the mac
mini can handle up to 16 but I just went
ahead and went with eight because you
know 16 was about 140 bucks and eight
was like 50 bucks overall performance of
the Mac Mini is amazing um just as if it
was you know a macbook pro or an imac
what i did like about that the the Mac
Mini is that it was just the computer
and that's all you paid for you didn't
pay for that you know the keyboard the
mouse the monitor because chances are if
you've ever had a computer in the end up
in the past and you're obviously
watching this video trying to figure out
whether you should buy a mac mini ah you
probably a have a PC previously and
you're sure if I go to Mac and so you
have a mouse you have a keyboard chances
are you have a display with either vga
or DVI so you have all that stuff you
don't need to pay extra money for it
when you have it when it's just
computer that's going out your vows your
keyboard you display your monitor is
that's all good so that's what's nice
about this and you have you can hook it
up to a TV both tvs now have vga and you
know all the new routine ease have hdmi
and the mac mini actually has hdmi on it
in the box the Apple has a nicely
included hdmi to DVI adapter so if you
have a monitor that has DVI which I
haven't really ran into too many
monitors I have DVI ah but they include
that with you with your mac mini
purchase so if you know if you have a
DVI you a DVI monitor you can keep that
and use that otherwise hdmi to a TV so
that kind of keeps costs low other than
that guys if you're gonna put a lot of
usage on this cpe cpu usage as far as
running you know like really high Ram
products such as Final Cut Pro photoshop
you know all these programs can run on
this I would definitely recommend
upgrading the ram or possibly looking
into going with the I believe it's the
quad core product core i5 or high five
or i7 um i think it's i said i don't i
don't really know but uh the i would
look at possibly upgrading that so far i
haven't ran and run into any problems i
run you know all I ever mess with iMovie
and pix later I'm a few other things I
haven't run into a problem with it the
ram has actually I've noticed a big
difference in speed compared to my mac
mini now it is you know just out of the
box ah versus my mac or my macbook pro
when opening programs such as iphoto
imovie the ram seems to actually make a
big difference I movie loading is a lot
quicker than it is on my macbook pro I
mean it's not it's not bad not bad at
all maybe you know 15 seconds 10 seconds
on my macbook pro but this thing almost
instantly now another thing I wanted to
let you guys know if you guys are big
gamers I like to play PC games like to
play games on the computer maybe the mac
is not what you're looking for you know
the whole interface of the iOS's are
completely totally totally different you
know your your basic games can be played
on max now put some of your other games
we used to play in some of these games
you may want to first check in and see
if hey will this game work on a mac I
don't play video games whatsoever on the
computer so I really don't have to worry
about it so if that's you know a factor
you may want to look into maybe staying
with PC alright guys I hope you guys
like this video if you did like comment
and subscribe and check out some of my
other videos that I'm going to be having
coming up with the mac mini possibly
some tutorials and some how-to guides
and other stuff reviews with apps on the
mac store